But since the hour was already late, he went out to Bethany with the twelve.
Well, it's time for us to go to work, so we'll give thanks to Joe.
Mood when the brothers and sisters arrive here at Warwick to start their day is electric.
We see buses pulling in with hundreds of our brothers and sisters,
and they come streaming out all headed to their work locations
with smiles on their faces ready to give a full day's work.
Being an overseer on the project, one thing I do enjoy is
arriving on the site as early as possible.
Not just to see the brothers come in, but to be here to respond to questions right away.
Every morning, the crews always start with safety,
so they'll have a safety huddle or a safety meeting prior to the work.
Once they're done, they're like ants, just pouring out over the property
and then you hear the tools start, the site becomes noisy at that point with construction.
The visitor parking garage here at Warwick will be able to hold 277 vehicles.
This building was basically almost like a Lego building, 150 truckloads.
Concrete pieces came in and they set the building in about two and a half weeks.
I'm overseeing the vehicle maintenance building.
When you have a project like this with volunteers, you have to feed them.
So the vehicle maintenance building is being used as a field dining room
during the interim phase of the project.
The office services building will serve the needs of the Bethel family.
There's many areas such as the infirmary, the laundry, the kitchen and that building,
as well as the office space, which will be great for the government body to work in there with such nice surroundings.
It's really a diverse building. It's like a branch within one building.
The maintenance building is up the hill from the office services building.
It's going to contain the powerhouse, the parking garage for the Bethel family,
and also all the maintenance shops.
We have four residents buildings on site.
Each building is two phases.
The first phase are outside contractors that are providing the foundation and the superstructure
to be followed by the construction groups, which are our RBC family.
As they come through, they'll take care of all of the interior dimensions.
The schedule on this project is unlike any other project that I know.
The site is alive with activity seven days a week.
It's caused us to really look into and be creative with prefabbing certain parts of the project
or bringing in large groups of brothers from across the country
or contracting certain portions of the job out there.
Working with outside contractors on the Warwick project has many positive aspects.
These contractors come with professionalism and skill.
It also too has enabled us to keep pace with the accelerated schedule
that without them would have been difficult for us to be able to accomplish.
One of the times is always a challenge with construction and we had a very hard win.
In spite of the cold, the brothers and sisters show up every day.
They're willing to work.
Sisters stand out in the cold for hours doing their job.
And it just shows to me the willingness and the enthusiasm that our brothers and sisters have.
We have a wide range of brothers and sisters that come on the project.
Some are 20 years old.
We have some that are in their 70s.
And we appreciate the experience that these ones that have had families,
raised children, and now they're available to come in and help.
I think it's just so beautiful at the end of the day that people are friends.
They want to be together.
They enjoy the conversations and the fellowship.
And I think that's really one of the blessings of this,
is that it's drawing people from all different places,
and that's only because of Jehovah's Spirit.
What we're doing here in building the new World Headquarters,
reaches to the worldwide field.
The spiritual food that will be prepared here
will reach to all of our brothers and sisters,
and will provide encouragement for them, instruction,
as we continue on serving Jehovah together.